README.md, before:

# ![App Icon](.github/res/app_icon_smol.png) Yodel
Yodel is a free & open source <b>Yo</b>uTube Music <b>D</b>own<b>L</b>oader\*

\* i'm not good with acronyms


## Features

- Material Design
- Day & Night Theme
- Written in Kotlin with [MVVM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93viewmodel)
- [youtube-dl](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl) for downloading
- [ID3v2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID3) tagging for MP3 using [MP3agic](https://github.com/mpatric/mp3agic)
- IDK, it's neat i guess


## Download
Get the app from the [releases page](https://github.com/shadow578/Yodel/releases/latest).


## Issues, Feature Requests and Contributing

Please read the full guidelines first. Your issue may be closed if you don't.

<details>
<summary>Issues</summary>

- Before reporting a new issue, take a look at already opened [issues](https://github.com/shadow578/Yodel/issues).
- Do not group unrelated requests into one issue.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Bugs</summary>

- Include the app version
    - If not latest, try updating, as the issue may be resolved already.
- Include steps on how to reproduce the issue (if not obvious)
- Include screenshots (if needed)
- Try to reproduce on another device (if possible)
- For large logs use [pastebin.com](https://pastebin.com) or similar.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Feature Requests</summary>

- Write a detailed issue, explaining what the app should and shouldn't do (or how). Avoid just writing "like X does".
- Include screenshots / mockups (if possible / needed)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Contributing</summary>

- For Code Contributions, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

</details>

## License
> Copyright 2021 shadow578
> 
> Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
> you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
> You may obtain a copy of the License at
> 
> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
> 
> Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, > software
> distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
> WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or > implied.
> See the License for the specific language governing permissions > and
> limitations under the License.

Commit message:

add CI and auto- build

README.md, after:

# ![App Icon](.github/res/app_icon_smol.png) Yodel
Yodel is a free & open source <b>Yo</b>uTube Music <b>D</b>own<b>L</b>oader\*

\* i'm not good with acronyms


## Features

- Material Design
- Day & Night Theme
- Written in Kotlin with [MVVM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93viewmodel)
- [youtube-dl](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl) for downloading
- [ID3v2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID3) tagging for MP3 using [MP3agic](https://github.com/mpatric/mp3agic)
- IDK, it's neat i guess


## Download

Yodel is automatically built using Github Actions. <br>
If you just want to download the apk, take a look at the [releases page](https://github.com/shadow578/Yodel/releases/latest). <br>
If you want to know more about the build system, have a look [at the build guide](BUILDING.md)


## Issues, Feature Requests and Contributing

Please read the full guidelines first. Your issue may be closed if you don't.

<details>
<summary>Issues</summary>

- Before reporting a new issue, take a look at already opened [issues](https://github.com/shadow578/Yodel/issues).
- Do not group unrelated requests into one issue.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Bugs</summary>

- Include the app version
    - If not latest, try updating, as the issue may be resolved already.
- Include steps on how to reproduce the issue (if not obvious)
- Include screenshots (if needed)
- Try to reproduce on another device (if possible)
- For large logs use [pastebin.com](https://pastebin.com) or similar.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Feature Requests</summary>

- Write a detailed issue, explaining what the app should and shouldn't do (or how). Avoid just writing "like X does".
- Include screenshots / mockups (if possible / needed)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Contributing</summary>

- For Code Contributions, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

</details>

## License
> Copyright 2021 shadow578
> 
> Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
> you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
> You may obtain a copy of the License at
> 
> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
> 
> Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, > software
> distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
> WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or > implied.
> See the License for the specific language governing permissions > and
> limitations under the License.
